this is Sierra Leone a beautiful country
filled with natural resources and land
for farming a country with five million
people the majority of whom are farmers
a country where many of those farmers
live on less than one dollar a day
farmers just like faith faith and her
husband have four children and live in a
village with other families just like
her they are all subsistence farmers
which means they eat the food they grow
when there is a big harvest there is
plenty of food for everyone some mums
however there is not enough rain for the
crops to grow families often eat only
one meal a day if they're lucky faiths
family calls these for hunger to help
feed her family more than once a day
faith could grow crops like pineapples
to sell in the fresh market but she
would have to walk miles down the dirt
roads just to get pants then she would
have to sit around all day waiting for
someone to buy them and if she didn't
find a buyer before they went bad in the
tropical heat faith would have to walk
all the way back home with nothing to
show for her hard work and no food in
her stomach what it doesn't know is that
miles down the road world Hope
International helped build a large juice
factory that could buy all of the
pineapple state could possibly grow the
factory can process up to three tons of
pineapples per hour
faith can make enough money to provide
three meals a day for her family send
her children to school and pay for
medicine when they are sick the factory
means the pineapples and is ready to
send a truck out to buy them but they
can't drive miles down a dirt road to
buy three or four penises
what faith needs is for her whole
village to start growing China pulls
together so that they have enough fruit
to fill the truck the problem however is
that there are not enough pineapple
plants for everyone to grow and even if
there were the farmers wouldn't know how
to take care of so many pineapples in
one field this is where faith and her
village need your help with your support
world Hope International can help
provide pineapple plants for all the
farmers in faiths village so that they
can start a big pineapple farm world
hope will even help the entire community
learn how to operate a big farm and
bring in tools to help them be more
productive
once the farm is up and running faith in
her village will be able to sell
pineapples to the factory which will
then sell healthy pineapple juice all
over the world with your hope faith
could have enough money to feed her
families three times a day send her
children to school and pay for medicine
when they need it even better faith will
have money left over to save for the
future with your support world Hope
International can provide opportunities
of thousands of farmers just like they
help create a fruitful future for Sierra
Leone's
you